README.md, before:

# ACENAV CLI 

The “AceNav” is a Command Line Interface (CLI) software runs on user computers, to connect and interact with Aceinna GNSS/INS navigation devices for user parameter settings, GNSS RTK correction streaming from a NTRIP server, and output data logging and parsing.

## System requirement

Ubuntu 18.04:

​      Python 3.7

​      Lib: tcpdump, https://scapy.readthedocs.io/en/latest/installation.html#debian-ubuntu-fedora

 

Windows 10:

​      Python 3.7

​      Lib: npcap, https://scapy.readthedocs.io/en/latest/installation.html#windows


## GNSS/INS operation user settings

Run the CLI software and connect with the INS401 system for the first time, there is a “setting” folder generated with subfolders named by Aceinna GNSS/INS navigation devices. Each type of device has a JSON format of configuration file, all the user settings including GNSS RTK correction NTRIP account information, IMU to GNSS antenna lever arm and so on. User must modify the related configurations/settings to achieve effective GNSS/INS operation. For example, user should change the NTRIP settings (IP address, port, mount point, account, and password) to accessible GNSS correction service.

## Commands

#### Log data

Run the following command to log all data output from Ethernet port to binary files, and streaming GNSS RTK correction data through Ethernet port to INS401 (e.g. on Ubuntu)

```shell
./acenav -i 100base-t1
```

A “data” subfolder will be created for the first time, and every session of data logging will be stored in a subfolder inside the “data” folder.

#### Parse Data

Run the following command to parse the logged data into text or csv files, 

```shell
./acenav parse -t ins401 -p <path to data folder/session data subfolder>
```

#### Save Settings

If user changed the GNSS/INS user settings in the "ins401.json" file, and wants to make it effective, run the data logging command with "-s" option like below, and the changed user settings will be saved into flash

```shell
./acenav -i 100base-t1 -s
```

## Firmware Upgrade

# 1.INS401 Firmware Upgrade

INS401 supports In-Application Programming (IAP) firmware upgrade through the Ethernet interface, run the executable with the CLI option, and prompt for user input 

```shell
./acenav -i 100base-t1 --cli
# console display with connection information
# prompt for user input, type in command and file path after the arrow symbol
# firmware is fully upgraded by default, contains a list of the modules which are 
# rtk, ins and sdk
>>upgrade <INS401 FW file path>

# one or more firmware parts(rtk, ins, sdk, imu_boot(if firmware is merged), imu(if firmware is merged)) 
# are optionally upgraded
>>upgrade <INS401 FW file path> rtk ins
or
>>upgrade <INS401 FW file path> sdk
or
>>upgrade <INS401 FW file path> imu
or
>>upgrade <INS401 FW file path> imu_boot
```

After successful FW upgrade, the INS401 system restarts and starts logging data automatically. 

# 2.INS402 Firmware Upgrade

INS402 supports In-Application Programming (IAP) firmware upgrade through the Ethernet interface, run the executable with the CLI option, and prompt for user input 

```shell
./acenav -i 100base-t1 --device-type INS402 --cli
# console display with connection information
# prompt for user input, type in command and file path after the arrow symbol
# firmware is fully upgraded by default, contains a list of the modules which are 
# rtk, ins, sdk and sdk_2
>>upgrade <INS402 FW file path>

# one or more firmware parts(rtk, ins, sdk, sdk_2, imu_boot(if firmware is merged), imu(if firmware is merged)) 
# are optionally upgraded
>>upgrade <INS402 FW file path> rtk ins
or
>>upgrade <INS402 FW file path> sdk sdk_2
or
>>upgrade <INS402 FW file path> sdk_2
or
>>upgrade <INS402 FW file path> imu
or
>>upgrade <INS402 FW file path> imu_boot
```

After successful FW upgrade, the INS402 system restarts and starts logging data automatically. 

# 2 canfd app  

### run  
please run $Env:PYTHONPATH="./src/aceinna/devices/widgets;"+$Env:PYTHONPATH in powershell  
to set env:PYTHONPATH then  
```shell cmd
./acenav -i canfd
```
or run acenav-cli whit run_with_bat.bat  
+ run with canfd  
set "canfd_type": "canfd",  
+ run with can  
set "canfd_type": "can"  

#### Parse  
***python main.py parse -t ins401c -p <path to data folder>***

Commit message:

fix: 1.Add ins402 parse command 2.update README file

README.md, after:

# ACENAV CLI 

The “AceNav” is a Command Line Interface (CLI) software runs on user computers, to connect and interact with Aceinna GNSS/INS navigation devices for user parameter settings, GNSS RTK correction streaming from a NTRIP server, and output data logging and parsing.

## System requirement

Ubuntu 18.04:

​      Python 3.7

​      Lib: tcpdump, https://scapy.readthedocs.io/en/latest/installation.html#debian-ubuntu-fedora

 

Windows 10:

​      Python 3.7

​      Lib: npcap, https://scapy.readthedocs.io/en/latest/installation.html#windows


## GNSS/INS operation user settings

Run the CLI software and connect with the INS401 system for the first time, there is a “setting” folder generated with subfolders named by Aceinna GNSS/INS navigation devices. Each type of device has a JSON format of configuration file, all the user settings including GNSS RTK correction NTRIP account information, IMU to GNSS antenna lever arm and so on. User must modify the related configurations/settings to achieve effective GNSS/INS operation. For example, user should change the NTRIP settings (IP address, port, mount point, account, and password) to accessible GNSS correction service.

## Commands

#### Log data

Run the following command to log all data output from Ethernet port to binary files, and streaming GNSS RTK correction data through Ethernet port to the unit (e.g. on Ubuntu)

## INS401
```shell
./acenav -i 100base-t1
```

## INS402
```shell
./acenav -i 100base-t1 --device-type INS402 
```

A “data” subfolder will be created for the first time, and every session of data logging will be stored in a subfolder inside the “data” folder.

#### Parse Data

Run the following command to parse the logged data into text or csv files, 

## ins401

```shell
./acenav parse -t ins401 -p <path to data folder/session data subfolder>
```

## ins402

```shell
./acenav parse -t ins402 -p <path to data folder/session data subfolder>
```

#### Save Settings

If user changed the GNSS/INS user settings in the "ins401.json" or "ins402.json" file, and wants to make it effective, run the data logging command with "-s" option like below, and the changed user settings will be saved into flash

## ins401

```shell
./acenav -i 100base-t1 -s
```

## ins402

```shell
./acenav -i 100base-t1 --device-type INS402 -s
```
## Firmware Upgrade

# 1.INS401 Firmware Upgrade

INS401 supports In-Application Programming (IAP) firmware upgrade through the Ethernet interface, run the executable with the CLI option, and prompt for user input 

```shell
./acenav -i 100base-t1 --cli
# console display with connection information
# prompt for user input, type in command and file path after the arrow symbol
# firmware is fully upgraded by default, contains a list of the modules which are 
# rtk, ins and sdk
>>upgrade <INS401 FW file path>

# one or more firmware parts(rtk, ins, sdk, imu_boot(if firmware is merged), imu(if firmware is merged)) 
# are optionally upgraded
>>upgrade <INS401 FW file path> rtk ins
or
>>upgrade <INS401 FW file path> sdk
or
>>upgrade <INS401 FW file path> imu
or
>>upgrade <INS401 FW file path> imu_boot
```

After successful FW upgrade, the INS401 system restarts and starts logging data automatically. 

# 2.INS402 Firmware Upgrade

INS402 supports In-Application Programming (IAP) firmware upgrade through the Ethernet interface, run the executable with the CLI option, and prompt for user input 

```shell
./acenav -i 100base-t1 --device-type INS402 --cli
# console display with connection information
# prompt for user input, type in command and file path after the arrow symbol
# firmware is fully upgraded by default, contains a list of the modules which are 
# rtk, ins, sdk and sdk_2
>>upgrade <INS402 FW file path>

# one or more firmware parts(rtk, ins, sdk, sdk_2, imu_boot(if firmware is merged), imu(if firmware is merged)) 
# are optionally upgraded
>>upgrade <INS402 FW file path> rtk ins
or
>>upgrade <INS402 FW file path> sdk sdk_2
or
>>upgrade <INS402 FW file path> sdk_2
or
>>upgrade <INS402 FW file path> imu
or
>>upgrade <INS402 FW file path> imu_boot
```

After successful FW upgrade, the INS402 system restarts and starts logging data automatically. 

# canfd app  

### run  
please run $Env:PYTHONPATH="./src/aceinna/devices/widgets;"+$Env:PYTHONPATH in powershell  
to set env:PYTHONPATH then  
```shell cmd
./acenav -i canfd
```
or run acenav-cli whit run_with_bat.bat  
+ run with canfd  
set "canfd_type": "canfd",  
+ run with can  
set "canfd_type": "can"  

#### Parse  
***python main.py parse -t ins401c -p <path to data folder>***
